Rewrite sparse vector index section (#652)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/concepts/indexing.md

During search, the index identifies vectors with non-zero values in query dimensions. They are scored using the dot product method. You may also use filtering to search through sparse vectors. Just as with dense vectors, filtering is done by payload.

**Optimization Methods**

The index resides in memory for appendable segments, ensuring fast search and update operations.
For immutable segments, the sparse index can either stay in memory or be mapped to disk with the `on_disk` flag.

To optimize your search, you should reduce the number of vectors that need to be scored. To do this, you need to switch your search from the payload index to the sparse vector index. The `full_scan_threshold` variable configures the switch. It specifies the threshold in terms of the number of matching vectors found by the query planner.

This sample configuration enables on-disk storage for immutable segments. It also sets a full scan threshold for queries inspecting less than 5000 vectors.

> ```

Author: ````suggestion
```http
````

*Available as of v1.7.0*

Qdrant supports a separate index for Sparse Vectors. Each data point in Qdrant can have both dense and sparse vectors. Therefore, you can still use the same collection for both vector types.  The indexing process is highly efficient, whereby an inverted index structure stores vectors for each non-zero dimension. This approach reduces memory usage and increases search speeds, particularly for high-dimensional data. 

> During search, the index identifies vectors with non-zero values in query dimensions. They are scored using the dot product method. You may also use filtering to search through sparse vectors. Just as with dense vectors, filtering is done by payload.

Reviewer: > During search, the index identifies vectors with non-zero values in query dimensions.

I am not sure this is a best way to describe what happens.

Author: We can be more specific. (Is it "the same" or just "similar" query dimensions?)

```suggestion
During search, the index identifies vectors with non-zero values in the same query dimensions. They are scored using the dot product method. You may also use filtering to search through sparse vectors. Just as with dense vectors, filtering is done by payload.
```

**Optimization Methods**

The index resides in memory for appendable segments, ensuring fast search and update operations.
For immutable segments, the sparse index can either stay in memory or be mapped to disk with the `on_disk` flag.

> To optimize your search, you should reduce the number of vectors that need to be scored. To do this, you need to switch your search from the payload index to the sparse vector index. The `full_scan_threshold` variable configures the switch. It specifies the threshold in terms of the number of matching vectors found by the query planner.

Reviewer: I don't understand this

Author: Trying again:

```suggestion
To optimize your search, switch to the sparse vector index. It is more efficient than the payload index, as it reduces the number of vectors to be scored. You can configure the switch with the `full_scan_threshold` variable, as it specifies the threshold in terms of the number of matching vectors found by the query planner.
```
